add documentation (#18)
vitessio/vitess-tester: README.md

## How to use

> After installing the `vitess-tester` binary, you need to have Vitess installed and in your path. 

Reviewer: Reading this and looking at the new `./build.env` file, I understand that we expect people to add the path to the Vitess binaries in their `$PATH`. In which case should probably explain why, since simply building the vitess binaries and doing a `source build.env` in the vitess repository won't work. Or at least link them to this guide: https://vitess.io/docs/20.0/get-started/local/#install-vitess.

> To run vitess, you'll need to set VTDATAROOT and VTROOT environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run `vitess-tester` and Vitess, you will need to set the `VTDATAROOT` and `VTROOT` environment variables.
```
